Q: Natalia sold clips to c0 of her friends in April, and then she sold half as many clips in May. How many clips did Natalia sell altogether in April and May? Write multiple mathematical equations to calculate the answer step by step.

A:
Solve the problem step by step:

1. Divide the number of clips sold in April by 2 to find the number of clips sold in May. Let x be the number of clips sold in May,
x = c0 / 2

2. Add the number of clips sold in April (c0) and May (c1) to get the number of clips sold altogether.
answer = c0 + x


Q: Weng earns $c0 an hour for babysitting. Yesterday, she just did c1 minutes of babysitting. How much did she earn? Write multiple mathematical equations to calculate the answer step by step.

A:
Solve the problem step by step:

1. Divide the number of minutes spent babysitting by 60 to get the number of hours. Let x be the number of hours spent babysitting. 
x = c1 / 60

2. Multiply the number of hours spent babysitting and rate to get the total pay.
answer = x * c0


Q: Betty is saving money for a new wallet which costs $c0. Betty has only half of the money she needs. Her parents decided to give her $c1 for that purpose, and her grandparents twice as much as her parents. How much more money does Betty need to buy the wallet? Write multiple mathematical equations to calculate the answer step by step.

A:
Solve the problem step by step:

1. Divide the cost of the wallet by 2 to find the amount of money Betty currently has. Let x be the amount of money that she currently has,
x = c0 / 2

2. Add the money from her parents to the money she has from herself. Let y be the amount of money that she has after her parents give her money,
y = x + c1

3. Multiply the amount of money from her parents by 2 to find the amount of money from her grandparents. Let z be the amount of money given to Betty from her grandparents,
z = c1 * 2

4. Add the money from her grandparents to her current amount of money. Let w be the amount of money that she has in total,
w = y + z

5. Subtract the amount of money Betty now has to calculate how much she still needs.
answer = c0 - w


Q: Julie is reading a 120-page book. Yesterday, she was able to read c0 pages and today, she read twice as many pages as yesterday. If she wants to read half of the remaining pages tomorrow, how many pages should she read? Write multiple mathematical equations to calculate the answer step by step.

A:
Solve the problem step by step:

1. Multiply the number of pages read yesterday by 2 to calculate the number of pages she read today. Let x be the number of pages she read today,
x = c0 * 2

2. Subtract the number of pages she read today and yesterday from the total number of pages to get the remaining. Let y be the number of pages remaining,
y = 120 - x - c1

3. Divide the remaining pages by 2 to calculate the number of pages she need to read tomorrow.
answer = y/2
